Hello and welcome back.
And today we'll be taking a quick look at working with marchers.
If you remember we already went through working with wild cards that are used to narrow down your search
results with March or chart and to yours any day up.
And today we'll be taking a closer look at the string functions so string functions are actually functions
that let you work directly with strings and manipulate them in different ways.
They ask you all has a bit less because of the engine limitations.
So go ahead.
We're working again with console games table.
So let's open a new query and first let's just quickly select all from console games.
Now Walder running what do we expect to see we expect to see again 12 columns of fillable data.
Now the first function I'm going to showing you today is called Lenn and what it does is you can see
here we can say that we want to like game name and then we want us like Len of this game name of this
column and we can run this.
So what it would turn to us it will return to was the game they call them untouched.
And then it actually shows the number of characters that these names consist of.
So for example the base Wilkins's of 8 characters and Sonic the Hedgehog consists of 18 and so on.
So the interesting thing about this is that you can actually implement those functions inside and select
statement so you don't have to write it anywhere from or to like say when you can actually write it
inside the selected statement.
Now let me quickly show you another function which is called left.
So let's say that we want to select left off publisher and then specify for what this does it return
to stores only the first four letters from publisher column.
So if we quickly include here the publisher just then touched version of it you will see the difference
and the similarities.
So basically some publisher names like THQ or Sega are represented correctly because they consist of
four or less characters but Nintendo and Activision and touchstone are all limited by that rule that
we set here.
We can also use the right function and that will return us DARPA's And so it will hurt us for characters
starting from the last character.
So again THQ and Sega remain untouched while Activision Nintendo touchstone began very hard to understand
what's the meaning behind them.
But again as you can see the function is inside the select so that is quite interesting.
And now the last function to show you today is called reverse and that's a pretty interesting pretty
entertaining function sometimes.
And so what you want to say is you want to put rivers and then in the brackets you want to include genre.
So again this time we just you can include any column here in the color in the brackets but we just
want to see genere.
So you understand how it's different.
So reverse all the does.
It basically reverses the order of the characters remaining the case sensitivity.
So these are the four main functions I would say the most commonly used functions string functions as
Q all more string functions can always be found in your greyscale documentation or anywhere on line.
Today's lecture wasn't that informative.
Just to let you know this street function exist how the work and the syntax behind them.
So now that if you ever encounter a task where you need to manipulate data inside the string you can
do it.
So I hope you enjoyed today's lecture and I'll see you in the next one.